BC Stats Proposal
================

# Executive Summary

# Introduction

The BC Public Service is committed to understanding the challenges
within the workplace to make improvements for employees. To achieve this
goal a work environment survey (WES) is conducted to measure drivers
like job satisfaction and engagement. The results of each survey are
rolled up into two main reports explaining the qualitative and
quantitative results at the organization, ministry and department level.

This project has two main goals which are to automate qualitative
labeling and new insights about the results. Currently before the
qualitative report can be generated the responses have to be manually
coded into more than 50 themes. To automate this process would reduce
costs by decreasing the time it takes code. There were two new analysis
identified and will be completed. The first being the qualitative and
quantitative responses are analyzed and reported separated. Second will
be looking at how the scores of the drivers have changed over time. The
research questions this project will answer include:

1.  What is the best method to code the themes and sub-themes to the
    qualitative responses?

2.  How well does the sentiment of the qualitative responses agree with
    the quantitative responses?

3.  What trends exist over time and across departments from the 2008 to
    2018 quantitative survey data?

There are three main objectives and deliverables. To answer the first
research question, we will train a topic model that can be used to label
future survey data and provide the model. Next the qualitative responses
will be analyzed for their sentiment which will be matched with the
sentiment provided in the quantitative results and a report explaining
the qualitative sentiment and the correlation will be provided. The last
question will be answered by creating an interactive dashboard that
shows the trends over time at different scale as well as how each
question contributes to the overall score.

Currently the qualitative data has to be manually labeled before the
reports can be generated

, we aim to create a model to automate this process for future surveys.
The qualitative and quantitive responses have not be analysed to see if
the sentiment matches between the two forms of question. The other
insight we want to show is the trends of the drivers over time.

# Data Science Techniques (Aaron’s section)

# Timeline (Fan’s Section)
